# ASP.NET_Core_web_application_development_with_Orchard_Core_CMS
ASP.NET Core is Microsoft’s modern cross-platform web development framework. Orchard Core is a free and open-source, community-driven framework and web Content Management System (CMS) that extends ASP.NET Core with a wealth of capabilities. With Orchard, developers can quickly create feature-rich, modular, multi-tenant, modern web apps while fully utilizing the ASP.NET Core ecosystem. Building on what ASP.NET Core offers, Orchard provides much of the fundamental functionality any kind of web app needs while being extremely developer friendly. With more than 150 contributors Orchard has a vibrant community improving the system day by day and helping members with any issues. During this fully online course students will learn to utilize Orchard’s various built-in features for content and media management, access control and auditing, scripting and others. They’ll extend Orchard with custom modules and themes written in C# (including Razor syntax), HTML, CSS and JavaScript, following the MVC design pattern. These extensions will use Orchard’s APIs to tap into various parts of the system, leveraging Orchard services as well as altering the default behavior. Below are the course topics, in the order of how they’re held. The aim is to learn about all the most important Orchard features and extension points in detail while also receiving a quick overview of less relevant aspects too so students can get a complete picture of what they can work with.
